Update Core version policy page (#1251)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core-versions.md

## Version support prior to v1.0

- We are no longer releasing new patches for minor versions prior to v1.0.
- As of June 30, 2022, dbt Cloud will remove support for dbt Core versions older than v1.0. At that point, we will also remove v0.20 and v0.21 from the version dropdown on this website.

> - Pages on this website include "Changelog" notes to represent changes in functionality in versions leading up to v1.0. You can also read the migration guide for a specific version for an overview of its changes.

Reviewer: @jtcohen6 I wasn't sure what we meant by "this website" or where these changelog notes were besides in the migration guides. I tried to clarify, but feel free to change:
```suggestion
- You can read the [specific version migration guides](/guides/migration-guide/) to understand changes to each version. Each migration guide links to Changelog notes where you can see functionality changes in versions leading up to v1.0.
```

Author: @runleonarun I'll update this language!

One thing I noticed in your suggestion: I don't think we have "homepages" yet for a collection of pages (`/guides/migration-guide`), though I know this is something we'd discussed previously as a future possibility. Or am I just missing something? When I visit https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/guides/migration-guide/, I see `Page Not Found`

Reviewer: @jtcohen6 Yes! We should add a landing page for sure! Eventually I will create a task to sweep through all of the pages and add them, but for now we could update the [migration guides in sidebar.js](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/website/sidebars.js#L69):

```js
{
      type: "category",
      label: "Migration guides",
      link: {
        type: 'generated-index',
        title: 'Migration guides',
        description: 'Learn how you can migrate to the latest version of dbt Core.',
        slug: '/docs/guides/migration-guides',
      },
          items: [
            "docs/guides/migration-guide/upgrading-to-v1.1",
            "docs/guides/migration-guide/upgrading-to-v1.0",
            "docs/guides/migration-guide/upgrading-to-0-21-0",

```

Author: Oh nice!! I'll give this a go

We aim to release a new minor "feature" every 3 months. _This is an indicative timeline ONLY._ For the latest information about upcoming releases, including their planned release dates and which features and fixes might be included in each, always consult the [`dbt-core` repository milestones](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/milestones).

> <Snippet src="core-versions-table" />

Reviewer: Our very first reusable snippet! 🎉 Thanks for creating this! It's been on my to-do list since we launched snippets.

## Best practices for upgrading

Because of our new version practice, we've outlined best practices and expectations for dbt users to upgrade as we continue to release new versions of dbt Core.

### Upgrading to new patch versions

> We expect users to upgrade to patches as soon as they're available. When we refer to a "minor version" of dbt Core, such as v1.0, we are always referring to the latest available patch release for that minor version. We encourage you to structure your development and production environments so that you can always install the latest patches of `dbt-core` and any adapter plugins. (Note that patch numbers may be different between dbt-core and plugins. [See below](#how-we-version-adapter-plugins) for an explanation.)

Reviewer 2: Should we add something here about patch releases only being small, targeted bug and security fixes so that it seems less scary to auto-grade to them?

Author: Good call!
